\# Copyright (C) 1999-2020 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
\#
\# This document is dual-licensed.  You may distribute and/or modify it
\# under the terms of either of the following licenses:
\#
\# * The GNU General Public License, as published by the Free Software
\#   Foundation, version 3 or (at your option) any later version.  You
\#   should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
\#   along with this program.  If not, see
\#   <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
\#
\# * The GNU Free Documentation License, as published by the Free
\#   Software Foundation, version 1.2 or (at your option) any later
\#   version, with no Invariant Sections, no Front-Cover Texts, and no
\#   Back-Cover Texts.  You should have received a copy of the GNU Free
\#   Documentation License along with this program.  If not, see
\#   <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
\#
\# This documentation created by Nicholas Christopoulos for XXX project.
\#
\# Please check this project <https://github.com/nereusx/md2roff>
\# to create man pages easily from markdown.
\#
\# Linux groff format (not good) -> man groff_man
\#.do mso man.tmac
\#
\# BSD groff format (much better) -> man groff_mdoc
.do mso doc.tmac
\# both cases will work on Linux... well it should (tested on slackware and voidlinux)
\# of course the first is real UNIX and the second wanna be real UNIX.
\#
\# Note 1: do not leave empty lines, it is not problem but may get ugly results.
\# Note 2: MacOS X+ runs on BSD, so there shouldn't be any problem.
\#
.Dd Nov 17, 1971
.Dt COMMAND 1 "category-title"
.Os
\#
.Sh NAME
.Nm command
.Nd short-description.
\#
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm command
.Op Fl opt1
.Op Fl optN
\#
.Sh DESCRIPTION
The
.Nm command
long description blah blah
blah blah blah.
.Pp
\# Adding a list
\# .Bl -bullet -offset indent
\# .It
\# text text text
\# .D1 <http://gopkg.in/yaml.v3>
\# .It
\# JSON - RFC 7159 Encoding/JSON
\# .D1 <https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7159>
\# .El
\#
.Sh OPTIONS
.Bl -tag -width Ds 
.It Fl opt1
description
.br
.It Fl opt2
description
.El
\#
\# .Sh ENVIRONMENT
\# related environment variables goes here
\#
\# .Sh FILES
\# configuration files goes here
\#
\# .Sh NOTES
\#
\# .Sh EXAMPLES
\# The following example displays the results of ips-find in human readable format:
\# .Bd -literal -offset indent
\# $ wget https://api.ipfs-search.com/v1/search\\?q=linux -O results.json
\# $ cat results.json | yj -i -jt
\# .Ed
\#
\# .Sh SEE ALSO
\# .Xr csh 1 ,
\# .Xr ksh 1
\#
\# .Sh CONFORMING TO
\# RFC 7159 Encoding/JSON
\# .D1 <https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7159>
\#
\# .Sh HISTORY
\#
\# .Sh AUTHOR
\# .An Nicholas Christopoulos Aq Mt nereus@freemail.gr
\# .br
\# .Lk https://github.com/sclevine/yj
\#
\# .Sh BUGS 
\# known problems goes here
\#
\# EOF
